This is how you build modular character
customization for games fast. What if I
told you you could make animated outfits
without redrawing clothes for every
frame? [music] I'm starting with a
completely blank base character. No
hair, no clothes, just boxers. [music]
This is a full eight-direction walk
cycle. So now, instead of manually
animating [music] clothes, we let
Pixelab do the work. I'm using the
transfer outfit to animation tool
and then I give it a reference outfit,
select my animation frames, and it
applies the clothes to every frame.
At this point, the character [music] and
the clothes are merged. It's one full
animated sprite. So next up, I open
>> [music]
>> edit animation and I prompt it to remove
the character, leaving only the
clothing. I'll leave the prompt in the
description. Now, I have a fully
animated outfit perfectly synced to the
walk cycle. Same animation,
>> [music]
>> different outfits, all with only two
tools. So make sure to check it [music]
out at pixelab.ai.